welcome to jump into pacsun league of
legends top fails of the day this is day
114 hope you enjoy let's begin starting
off at number three with the blue team
fizz getting body-slammed by grog she
will go into the playful trickster but
getting knocked back by the Gragas
ultimate as he rebounds he will throw
out to Chum the waters and manage to
pick up the kill but as he tries to
escape he's gonna flash right into the
gragas barreled thrown out earlier in
the fight
the number two spot belongs to the enemy
team in this clip is twisted faint
landing the Sun and the wild cards only
Allah will get turned on at the
Xenoblade goes out Twisted Fate Wells
Onias just in time dodging all the
stunts from the enemy team in the
knock-up see then we'll come out of the
zone yes using the Destiny and be able
to teleport out with under-20 health as
the enemy team lets him escape
the top fill up day 114 is going to blow
to the enemy team in this clip picking
up the ACE after the friendly Riven goes
down they will decide to push up through
the middle lane with no one's standing
in their way they decided to go for the
Nexus turrets Zetas is gonna fall back
and defend not having to worry about the
outer turrets or the inhibitor mashery
will lead the charge on the Nexus
turrets going for the first one on the
riot with this team quickly following
suit the right turn does fall quickly
but not without a casualty as nunu tries
to get away he will fall to deter the
enemy team pushing onwards lissandra
taking the turn agro on the second one
will take a few hits and fall to the
minions making it to execute so far as
wealth mastery and vain are extremely
low trying to finish off a nexus they
will be executed as well now the enemy
team putting all their hope on zedge
shoulders left to defend against an army
of super minions but he will be no match
as they overrun him killing him and
finishing off the Nexus as well
as always thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed this episode
if you want to go check out the previous
one a notation for that should be on the
screen once again thanks for watching
and we'll touch you guys tomorrow